Fix docs following helm chart readmes (#74)
rancher/fleet-docs: docs/quickstart.md

## Install

>  Fleet is distributed as a Helm chart. Helm 3 is a CLI, has no server side component, and is
>   fairly straight forward. To install the Helm 3 CLI follow the <a href="https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install">official install instructions</a>.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 Fleet is distributed as a Helm chart. Helm 3 is a CLI, has no server side component, and its use is
  fairly straightforward. To install the Helm 3 CLI follow the <a href="https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install">official install instructions</a>.
```
(assuming that we mean that _using_ Helm CLI is reasonably easy)
